the most important things that air on your proverbial military resume.
Often Ah, the jobs you've done, how well you've done in them. When
I say speak of jobs, I don't mean just any random job. I really mean
the jobs that your particular community considers valuable. For instance,
the aviation community considers doing a production tour after
your first see two are as valuable and production tour is defined
as maybe, training pilots. Teoh go to the fleet in your particular aircraft.
That would be like a fruit fleet replacement squadron. Let's
look at that up another time. Um, but that would be a good idea, a
good, good, ah example of a of a production tour and a job that the
aviation community considers valuable. There are other jobs, too. That
would do. They would do something similar. But if you if you choose
to move off the well trod path Theun, there's less likelihood for
you for your resume to be considered for consistent promotion.